
Arctic Disaster
Subtle features on the water, tricky textures on the ice and shore.
Some map regions are just ice, and are not part of the playable hexgrid.
Hexes on the mountains are marked only by little triangles where the hex-corners meet.
In some wargames, every hex on the entire map is marked only by little triangles at corners.
Source: LPS, INC. 2016


Battle of Borodino
Simple graphics, classic game system, low-resolution photo
Source: SPI, 1972


Bagration Stopped
Modern, sharp graphics. Complex road and terrain.
Source: Decision Games, 2023


Battle of Tannenberg
Control measures of game are thin black lines extending out past the edges of the map (like Panzergruppe Guderian).
Two different kinds of railroads: single track as dashed blue line, double-track as solid blue line.
Color of hex edges and of political boundaries (alternating dots and dash) are similar greyish shade.
Disconnected black segments for blocked, impassable hex edges.
Two different kinds of rivers: pale blue for 'river', pale blue with dark edge for 'major river'
Trenches across hexes.
Two different kinds of fortress.
Hexes with nearly 50/50 split of water and land.
Source: SPI, 1978

BFM
Battle for Moscow: a very small and simple introductory map.
BFM map 1.png has no legend at all, because the symbology is so standard that the reader is expected to know.
BFM Map redone.jpg has the same map with different colors and more information, such as a legend to explain graphics.
Source: Game Designer's Workshop, 1986

Dai Senso
Large map with complex road networks, military unit information in boxes all across the board. Sometimes the boxes are rotated.
The basic map is a hex-grid, but there are separate regions of the ocean delineated by while or yellow lines.
Water hexes have three different shades for tactical information.
Complex land borders along hex-edges: white-grey dashed, red-yellow dashed, solid red, solid brown, solid orange, solid green.
Complex symbology inside hexes: stars, dot, two different kinds of anchors.
On the marked map, Green oval is 1613, Red is 1106, Yellow is 3211.
Rows start at bottom with 11; columns start from left with 01. 
Source: Decision Games, 2011

D-Day at Tarawa has many small symbols, dots and half-dots, on the map to indicate properties of the hexes and edges.
There are also areas of approach in the ocean, marked with colored edges.
The hexes are regular, but the map outline is irregular.
Source: Decision Games, 2014

Downfall
complex overlapping boundary types.
Several "abstract locations" that connect to each other, such as "South Atlantic Ocean" hex in lower left that has a little arrow pointing
to the text "to Indian Ocean" indicating a direct but nonvisual connection to the "Indian Ocean" hex in the lower right. The Indian Ocean
also has a little arrow pointing to the text "to South Atlantic Ocean" indicating the direct link back. 
While there are explicit hexes along the Northern edge of Africa, there is also an abstract location in the "African Colonies" box.
Around Sweden and northern Soviet Union, there are map features that are not part of the playable hex grid.
Source: GMT, 2023

Olympic
"Olympic map wrinkled" is a fairly standard map with legend - but it is wrinkled and not flat.
This would be a challenge for image processing, but knowing that it really represents a perfect hex grid
you should be able to count hexes to get the cell numbers and thus match the cells of the map with the cells of a grid.
I created a new map, "Olympic map wrinkled and marked.png"
I marked cell number 1106 (column 11, row 06) with a red oval in the open hex just south of Makurazaki.
I marked cell number 1613 (column 16, row 13) with a green oval in the mostly forest hex near the southern shore below Kagoshima.
By counting hexes, you should be able to reconstruct all the hex numbers on the map.
To help you check if you counted correctly, I marked cell number 3211 (written 2011 here until 2026-09-19), two hexes NE of Hinagu, with a yellow oval.
Source: Decision Games, 2012

Panzergruppe Guderian
A standard classic map style.
Cyrillic lettering. Many "forest" hexes have only a little green in them (e.g. 25% of pixels) but still could as 100% forest.
Similarly, some "water" hexes have only a little blue in them.
There are several deliberate short gaps in the transportation network (e.g. roads cut by rivers) that could be mistaken for incorrect reading.
The only hint that the break is not a mistake is that each deliberate end has a small grey circle on it.
Hex 1006 seems to be equally swamp and water; the rules decree that it is swamp. This hex is a test of flagging ambiguous cases for user decision.
Several control measures extend off the edge of the map (like Tannenberg).
Source: Avalon Hill, 1976

Red Dragon, Blue Dragon
A small introductory game. Like "Battle for Mosow", not graphical legend is available because it is assumed
that the symbols are so standard that they need no explanation.
Source: Against the Odds and LPS, Inc, 2015

Siege of Tallinn
Just a classic map that should be easy.
Source: unknown

Stalin Moves West
A fairly classic game, but the overall map has an irregular outline.
The railroad lines are thin and hard to see.
Bridges are small yellow rectangles perpendicular to hex-edges (as explained in legend).
Two very similar national boundaries: red dash-dot lines for most, red dash-dash for Russian.
Source: Decision Games, 2018

Target Leningrad
A small, basic game.
A small introductory game. Like "Battle for Mosow", not graphical legend is available because it is assumed
that the symbols are so standard that they need no explanation.
Source: Victory Point Games, 2010

The Invasion of Russia, 1812
A European (Italion) game with two similar maps. One legend is more thorough than the other. Hazy.
Source: Europa Simulazioni 2021

The Russian Campaign
5th edition, delux.
A classic game, but low resolution
Source: GMT Games, 2021

Totaler Krieg
A clear sharp map, with complexity and symbology similar to Dai Senso (same publisher, same year).
However, it is in two pieces that need to be aligned and fitted together based on hex numbers.
Source: Decision Games, 2011
